chore: Improve sample code documentation (#345)
SAP/ai-sdk-js: sample-code/README.md

# Sample Code

Sample code to demonstrate the usage of the SAP Cloud SDK for AI.
Parts of the sample code are also used in E2E tests.

### Table of Contents

- [Local Deployment](#local-deployment)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [AI API](#ai-api)
  - [Foundation Models (Azure OpenAI)](#foundation-models-azure-openai)
  - [Orchestration](#orchestration)
  - [Langchain](#langchain)

## Local Deployment

1. Run `pnpm install` to install dependencies.
2. Create a `.env` file in the `sample-code` directory with your AI core service key by adding the following line:

   ```bash
   AICORE_SERVICE_KEY='SERVICE_KEY_JSON
   ```

3. Run `pnpm local` to start the server.

## Usage

### AI API

#### Get all Deployments

> `GET` `/ai-api/deployments`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GET /ai-api/deployments`
```

Get all deployments in resource group `default`.

#### Create a Deployment

> `POST` `/ai-api/deployment/create`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`POST /ai-api/deployment/create`
```

```json
{
  "configurationId": "CONFIGURATION_ID"
}
```

Create a deployment with certain configuration ID in resource group `default`.

#### Batch Stop Deployments with Given Configuration ID

> `PATCH` `/ai-api/deployment/batch-stop`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PATCH /ai-api/deployment/batch-stop`
```

```json
{
  "configurationId": "CONFIGURATION_ID"
}
```

Stop all deployments with a certain configuration ID in resource group `default`.

#### Batch Delete all Deployments with Status `STOPPED` or `UNKNOWN`

> `DELETE` `/ai-api/deployment/batch-delete`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DELETE /ai-api/deployment/batch-delete`
```

Delete all deployments with status `STOPPED` or `UNKNOWN` in resource group `default`.

#### Get all Scenarios

> `GET` `/ai-api/scenarios`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GET /ai-api/scenarios`
```

Get all scenarios in resource group `default`.

#### Get all Foundation Models

> `GET` `/ai-api/models`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GET /ai-api/models`
```

Get all foundation models in resource group `default`.

### Foundation Models (Azure OpenAI)

#### Chat Completion

> `GET` `/azure-openai/chat-completion`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GET /azure-openai/chat-completion`
```

Get chat completion response.

#### Chat Completion Streaming

> `GET` `/azure-openai/chat-completion-stream`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GET /azure-openai/chat-completion-stream`
```

Get chat completion response with streaming.

The response header is set with `Content-Type: text/event-stream` to stream the text.

`AbortController` is used to cancel the request in case user closes or refreshes the page, or there is an error.

The `toContentStream()` method is called to extract the content of the chunk for convenience.

Once the streaming is done, finish reason and token usage are printed out.

#### Embedding

> `GET` `/azure-openai/embedding`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GET /azure-openai/embedding`
```

Get embedding vector for the input.

### Orchestration

#### Simple Chat Completion

> `GET` `/orchestration/simple`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GET /orchestration/simple`
```

Get chat completion response for a given static input.

#### Templating

> `GET` `orchestration/template`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GET orchestration/template`
```

Get chat completion response with template and input parameters.
Define variable by wrapping it with `{{? ... }}`.

#### Input Filtering

> `GET` `/orchestration/inputFiltering`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GET /orchestration/inputFiltering`
```

Get chat completion response with Azure content filter for the input.
Use `buildAzureContentFilter()` to build the content filter.

#### Output Filtering

> `GET` `/orchestration/outputFiltering`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GET /orchestration/outputFiltering`
```

Get chat completion response with Azure content filter for the output.
Use `buildAzureContentFilter()` to build the content filter.

#### Custom Request Config

> `GET` `/orchestration/requestConfig`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GET /orchestration/requestConfig`
```

Send chat completion request with a custom header as the custom request configuration.

### Langchain

#### Invoke with a Simple Input

> `GET` `/langchain/invoke`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GET /langchain/invoke`
```

Invoke langchain Azure OpenAI client with a simple input to get chat completion response.

#### Invoke a Chain for Templating

> `GET` `/langchain/invoke-chain`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GET /langchain/invoke-chain`
```

Invoke chain to get chat completion response from Azure OpenAI.
The chain contains a template and a string parser.

#### Invoke a Chain for Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG)

> `GET` `/langchain/invoke-rag-chain`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GET /langchain/invoke-rag-chain`
```

# Sample Code

Sample code to demonstrate the usage of the SAP Cloud SDK for AI.

> Some of the sample code is also used in E2E test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parts of the sample code are also used in E2E tests.
```

### Table of Contents

- [Local Deployment](#local-deployment)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [AI API](#ai-api)
  - [Foundation Models (Azure OpenAI)](#foundation-models-azure-openai)
  - [Orchestration](#orchestration)
  - [Langchain](#langchain)

## Local Deployment

1. Run `pnpm install` to install dependencies.
2. Create a `.env` file in the `sample-code` directory with your AI core service key by adding the following line:

   ```bash
   AICORE_SERVICE_KEY='SERVICE_KEY_JSON
   ```

3. Run `pnpm local` to start the server.

## Usage

### AI API

#### Get all Deployments

> GET `/ai-api/deployments`

Reviewer: [style-guide] https://github.com/SAP/cloud-sdk/blob/main/STYLEGUIDE.md#use-code-font for HTTP verbs

Get all deployments in resource group "default".

#### Create a Deployment

POST `/ai-api/deployment/create`

```json
{
  "configurationId": "CONFIGURATION_ID"
}
```

> Create a deployment with certain configuration ID in resource group "default".

Reviewer: [style-guide] Code font for default https://github.com/SAP/cloud-sdk/blob/main/STYLEGUIDE.md#use-code-font

#### Batch Stop Deployments with Given Configuration ID

PATCH `/ai-api/deployment/batch-stop`

```json
{
  "configurationId": "CONFIGURATION_ID"
}
```

Stop all deployments with a certain configuration ID in resource group "default".

> The request body should be:

Reviewer: ??

Author: Leftover..

#### Batch Delete all Deployments with Status `STOPPED` or `UNKNOWN`

DELETE `/ai-api/deployment/batch-delete`

Delete all deployments with status `STOPPED` or `UNKNOWN` in resource group "default".

#### Get all Scenarios

GET `/ai-api/scenarios`

Get all scenarios in resource group "default".

#### Get all Foundation Models

GET `/ai-api/models`

> Get all foundation models in resource group "default".

Reviewer: [req] I think instead of repeating this `in resource group "default".`, mention at the beginning that unless specified otherwise, default resource group is used

### Foundation Models (Azure OpenAI)

#### Chat Completion

GET `/azure-openai/chat-completion`

> Get chat completion response.

Reviewer: [pp] This line seems unnecessary

Author: yes but I just want to put something here to make it consistent.

#### Chat Completion Streaming

GET `/azure-openai/chat-completion-stream`

> Get chat completion response with streaming.

Reviewer: [pp] Also unnecessary
